@piratew @jake

piratew: i am so over this day
jake: Big same. I've been looking at blueprints for so long my eyes are crossing.
piratew (Snap): [Photo of a half-eaten Sweetgreen salad at her desk] sad desk lunch
jake (Snap): [Selfie with a weary expression, a drafting table visible in the background] I feel this in my soul

-- 15 minutes later --

jake: you survive?
piratew: barely. my brain is fully fried
jake: still thinking about that bar from saturday
piratew: lol which part? the weird taxidermy or the amazing fries?
jake: the fries obviously. and the negronis
piratew: haha a winning combo

-- 10 minutes later --

jake (Snap): [Short video of him spinning in his office chair] going crazy
piratew: lmao don't fall off
piratew (Snap): [Boomerang of her tapping a pen on her notebook repeatedly] the productivity is off the charts
jake: we are truly crushing it

-- 20 minutes later --

piratew: so what are you up to tonight? anything fun?
jake: was just gonna make pasta and watch that new show everyone's talking about
piratew: the one with the bear?
jake: that's the one
piratew: i'm intrigued but also stressed by it
jake: lol valid. wyd?
piratew: hot yoga and then probably the same tbh

-- 30 minutes later --

jake (Snap): [Photo of the G train platform, crowded] the best part of the day
piratew: oof. godspeed.
piratew: lmk what you think of the show
jake: will do. you have fun getting sweaty
piratew: haha thanks

-- 1 hour later --

piratew (Snap): [Post-yoga selfie, slightly red-faced and smiling] cleansed
jake: jealous. i have officially melted into my couch
jake (Snap): [Photo of a bowl of slightly overcooked pasta] gourmet
piratew: 10/10 would smash
jake: so the show is good. very stressful. you were right
piratew: see! i know things

-- 5 minutes later --

jake: random question
piratew: ask away
jake: you free friday?
piratew: i am :)
jake: cool cool. was thinking we could grab a slice at Paulie Gee's? keep it casual
piratew: omg I love Paulie Gee's. absolutely down.
jake: sick. 7:30?
piratew: perfect
jake (Snap): [Photo of his TV screen with the show paused] ok back to the stress kitchen
piratew: enjoy lol
piratew: hey just remembered i have that friend's bday drinks later on friday, but 7:30 is totally fine
jake: oh cool no worries, we can even do a little earlier if that's easier
piratew: 7 would actually be amazing if that works for u?
jake: 7 it is. see ya friday.